docs: Improve developer guide (#23669)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/developer-guide/index.md

# Overview

!!! warning "As an Argo CD user, you probably don't want to be reading this section of the docs."
    This part of the manual is aimed at helping people contribute to Argo CD, documentation, or to develop third-party applications that interact with Argo CD, e.g.
    
    * A chat bot
    * A Slack integration
    

## Contributing to Argo CD backend, frontend and documentation

> This guide shall help you in setting up your build & test environment, so that you can start developing and testing bug fixes and feature enhancements without having to make too much effort in setting up a local toolchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will help you set up your build & test environment, so that you can start developing and testing bug fixes and feature enhancements without having to make too much effort in setting up a local toolchain.
```
